In the last lecture we set up routeing and we've got a route to work.
We learned that we load the component in the place where we define the route and therefore we could
use that router in Avro components too of course.
Now I want to set up some links for that or add a horizontal line above that line a number def which
will hold Rieslings.
I'm already importing link so I can simply used the link component and set the two parameter.
Here I could say link to slash should be like that.
It shouldn't be a self-closing component here though because in between the link I want to say.
Home for example.
Now duplicators to also create a link to slash account and to slash block.
So basically to the pauvres as set up down there and then I could say a count here and block here and
now if I saved as.
Again with does NPM start process still running.
We see we got a couple of links there.
Not really nicely separated but working to click on them we can navigate around.
So what it will do here is I will add some pipe symbols ofter the links to have some separation in there
so that we don't have all these links directly on or next to each other and with that it's a bit easier
to read.
Well doesn't win a stalled prize here but that's not the purpose of this exercise.
And we get a working basic router with links with places to load routes and the definition of which
road should be loaded in this place and that is the starting point of creating a single page application
which still allows the user to switch between multiple routes.